## **Group:** Giga-Chadhas

**Date:** 05/21/2025

**Time:** *4:40 pm to 5:00 pm*


## **Attendees:**
- [x] Zoey
- [x] Felicia
- [x] Kelvin
- [x] Sarah
- [x] Anu
- [x] Rain
- [x] Luis
- [x] Thanh
- [x] Niroop
- [x] Manan
- [x] Anna
- [x] Mehdi

## **Agenda** - *Sprint Planning*
The objective for this sprint is to update and enhance our MVP. At the end of the sprint we should have a cohesive website that has a consistent look and feel.

*Note* Some tasks are a little shorter or require other tasks to be done before you can get started. In addition to your task you will be responsible for assisting where you are needed and/or reviewing pull requests
Also, if your task is not MVP related then you may be asked to assist aswell 


## **Tasks Assigned List:**
- Shopping Cart Feature: Manan will continue with his work from last week and impliment the shopping cart feature
- Enhance Website Accesibility: One way we are being measured is by how accessible our webpage is. Mehdi is tasked with enhancing usability for those with disabilities is crucial. This task will be revolving and will continue as the project expands
- Recipe Card import: Mehdi will also continue with his work from last week regarding recipe importing. Enhancing Accesibility will be your main task and this additional feature will be done if you have a chance to. It may be reassigned
- Card Structure: Zoey and Sarah will focus on completing the recipe cards and their design
- Styling the Different pages: Kelvin, Anna and Anu will focus on creating a consistent look and feel throughout the website and developing their respective pages
- Linting, Unit, and E2E testing: Rain will continue with maintaining and refining our pipeline.
- Maintaining card storage: As our cards develop, different fields will need to be input by users. Niroop will maintain how we store, edit, delete, and search for cards. This issue will also continue with the project and not just be for this spint.
- Meal Creations: Felicia and Thanh will be responsible for the creation of grouped recipes (meals)
- Nutritional Information: Luis will research a way to create a nutritional label for the meals and display them for each recipe, meal, and display on calendar for the entire day's meals

Leads recieved feedback from the TA that everyone should have their own task that they are responsible for rather than a group task so everyone should have an issue or subissue.
Ideally, everyone creates github issues or subissues for next sprint so we have a path towards being 'done done'
